Update metrics and ingress gateway documentation (#802)
knative/docs: serving/gke-assigning-static-ip-address.md

Therefore, in order to set a static IP for the gateway you must to set the
external IP address of the `istio-ingressgateway` service to a static IP.

If you have configured a [custom ingress

> gateway](setting-up-custom-ingress-gateway.md) you will use the name of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gateway](setting-up-custom-ingress-gateway.md), replace `istio-ingressgateway` with the name of your
gateway service in the steps below.
```
